hey what's going on YouTube
blackcurrants 310 here and I just want
to talk about a couple of things real
quick ok so its entire you know t-mobile
g2 group thing is being blown out of
proportion I mean the media is talking
about it can't get rude and people are
talking about they're going to turn
their phones because they can't get rude
and stuff like that I mean if you don't
return your phone cuz that then go ahead
I mean no one's forcing to keep the
phone obviously late that's not the
point but you know we have people
working very diligently every day to the
root this thing and it's going to happen
eventually I mean I've been keeping up
with the progress or on the XDA forums
and everyday progress is being made
we're going to get there eventually and
you know even now we have like custom
round thing made in your custom features
know so it's going to come so trust me
these sons and my team in case you
didn't know there are some of the most
haunted hackers or Android hackers in
the entire world and they're going to
get this thing rooted no matter what
it's like that like how per team has
this phone to work on it every day so I
mean it's going to happen don't listen
to the media because they're not the
developers themselves they don't know
what they're talking about you know if
anything that's on Jamaat's twitter and
you know just listen to what he says on
twitter because he's talking about the
g2 almost every day so don't listen to
what the media says let's know what the
hackers say ok and next step on the
android gingerbread OS three-point
always coming and this is kind of
exciting because i was bringing on a few
you know blog website about android and
you know some you know because some of
these sites have people or that know
people who are like you know very close
to like you know these internal Google
you know testing teams and stuff like
that and these and their friends said
that the UM the gingerbread OS is coming
and it's going to be released as early
as next week now i don't know if it's
going to be like you know general cutler
release to the public but i do know that
before anything Google will release the
the gingerbread free porno SDK within
the UM the SDK if you don't know what
that is is the software development kit
for the android for android programmers
so i have the app i actually have the
sdk so as soon as that gets released you
can expect a full like it like like
almost like a full walkthrough of
gingerbread do the emulator my pc that's
when you're pretty exciting because you
know gingerbread man it has to compete
with no windows boss 7 and you know
the iOS four and the Iowa spot going to
come out you know probably next year so
now it's gonna be pretty interesting
because you know Google is often in the
standard now so it's gonna be pretty
cool to see how this plays out so I you
know to stay tuned gingerbread is coming
and you know some great things are
headed for android users like like you
and I so just stay tuned and that's
about it god this you guys next time
peace